	Linux Driver Verification (LDV) 

	README

	http://linuxtesting.org/project/ldv/


WHAT IS LDV?

  Linux Driver Verification (LDV) program was announced in 2009 to meet 
  increased demand for large-scale verification tools applicable to high 
  profile software. The goals of the program are:

       o improve quality of Linux device drivers
       o develop an integrated platform for device drivers verification
       o adopt latest research outcome to enhance quality of verification tools

  The quality improvement involves garnering and systematizing problems that
  occur in device drivers and actually finding their instances (bugs) in the 
  source code. Based on analysis of error reports to LKML, a number of
  frequently encountered problems was encapsulated into a rule database. The
  rules are formalized, categotized, and supplied with machine-readable 
  patterns that show how to verify them.

  The integrated platform aims to mediate smoothly between driver's source 
  packages, brand new, fresh kernels from kernel.org, rule database and 
  general-purpose verification tools, given that all these are constantly
  developed. This platform provides analysis of the drivers supplied in
  automatically deployed and generated environments, which are based on 
  vanilla kernel sources and rule database mentioned earlier.

  The verification process is backed with open-source verification tools for C 
  language. The modular architecture of the integrated platform, and a large 
  amount of ready-to-check source code provides extensive basis for audit of 
  quality of different verification tools. The tools are constantly improved 
  (based on research, both adopted and carried on by our group) and evaluated 
  to provide the most precise verification.

GETTING LATEST SOURCES OF LDV

You can get latest stable and unstable sources of LDV tools at development
homepage at http://forge.ispras.ru/projects/ldv


INSTALLING LDV

Please, refer to INSTALL file for the list of prerequisites and installation
instructions.


CONTACT US

Developer site where you can file bugs or contact us is at

	http://forge.ispras.ru/projects/ldv

